# Cleaning Conll Output of the Royal Subcorpus

This tool cleans the [non-standard conll data of the Royal Subcorpus](https://github.com/cdli-gh/mtaac_syntax_corpus/tree/master/royal/release) to cdli-conll format. 

An example of cdli-conll data can be found [here](https://github.com/cdli-gh/mtaac_gold_corpus/tree/workflow/morph/to_dict).

## Usage

1. Download the non-standard conll data of the Royal Subcorpus either from its [original repo](https://github.com/cdli-gh/mtaac_syntax_corpus/tree/master/royal/release/data) or from the zip file provided in this repo. You MUST name the folder __royal_subcorpus_data__.

2. Download the conll files generated by the ATF converter:
    1. Download the original data dump from [here](https://github.com/cdli-gh/data/blob/master/cdliatf_unblocked.atf);
    2. Install and then run the ATF converter on the data dump according to [this repo](https://github.com/cdli-gh/atf2conll-convertor);
    3. Remember: you MUST name the resulting folder __royal_subcorpus_data__.

3. Download the Conll_clean_up.py. Make sure that the two folers (royal_subcorpus_data and atf_converted_data) and the python script are in the same working directory.

4. Open a terminal at the folder and run the following command:
````
python3 Conll_clean_up.py
````
You should then see the cleaned up gold-standard conll files in the folder. Any files erroring out in the clean-up process should be printed out.


## Caution

1. The two sources of data must be names __royal_subcorpus_data__ and __royal_subcorpus_data__ respectively and put in the same working directory as Conll_clean_up.py.
2. If you want to re-run the clean up on the folder, please remove the previously generated files from your working directory first.
3. Conll_clean_up.py is written with the assumption that the user wants to clean up a folder of files. If you only want to clean up one non-standard royal subcorpus conll file, please open the python script and use the `do_it_all(filepath)` function in it and let the input be the file path of the non-standard royal subcorpus conll file you want to clean.
